Description:
   Create an online restaurant website for ordering food and booking table. HTML templates are attached(zip format) in this assignment. This is
   strongly recommended that you should only use these template files. Please read the important instructions at the bottom
   before you start development work.

Tasks -

1.table reservation : 
Create a page where user can enter name, number of people, date to reserve table 
and Add a button just below the input button to create reservation.
and reservation created open a page with payment is successfully!. plz refer reservation.html

2.view ordered item:
create a page where user can view their order with item name, price and 
categories. plz refer order-view.html

3.payment of order:
create a page where user can enter email, address, phone, select method payment, amount
and add a button just below the pay now. and after processing it show message payment is successfully!.
plz refer pay-order.html.

4.food order:
create a page where list of all item available.with list of item their name, price, categories
should also available and below the item button 'order now' which create order.after click of 'order now'
a page will open which contains detail of your order. plz refer menu.html

5. show menu of restaurant:
create a page where we can see menu of items. and menu contains these items only:
['Bake burger Pizza', 'Bake Sandwich Pizza', 'Salted Fried Chicken', 'Bake Muffin', 'Italian Sauce Mushroom', 
'Bake Muffin Pizza', 'Fried Potato w/ Garlic', 'Bake Potato Pizza']. plz refer menu.html



IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS
1. Do not remove CSS class or id attribute and their values if they start with automation- prefix. But you can add another
class or id(if absent) if needed. Do not change any text message inside a tag, if it has id or class that starts with
automation-message- prefix.
2. Dockerize your application. But docker-compose.yml file is not required.
3. Your application should expose port 5001, eg http:\\localhost:5001
4. Use only provided HTML templates in the assignment. But you can add any images and stylesheets to make cosmetic changes.

Good Luck!!!

Download templates.zip below.


Db
-- reservation - id, name, number of people, when
-- food item - id, name, image, price, summary, category(can be another table)
-- pay- id, email, address, phone number, amount, payment method
